[DX-858] Add the Get started guide for the EDP. (#3673)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-enterprise-developer-portal/getting-started/enterprise-portal-concepts.md

### Admin users

The internal users of the admin app.

### Next step

> Go to [Connect to the Tyk Dashboard]({{< ref "/product-stack/tyk-enterprise-developer-portal/getting-started/with-tyk-self-managed-as-provider" >}}) to connect the portal with the Tyk Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [connect to the Tyk Dashboard]({{< ref "/product-stack/tyk-enterprise-developer-portal/getting-started/with-tyk-self-managed-as-provider" >}}) guide to learn how to connect the portal with tTyk Dashboard.
```
